Ecommerce connector (#406)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/guides/ecommerce-connection/step2-understand-akeneo-pim.md

# Understand Akeneo PIM

## Versions and editions

> First, it is crucial for you to understand that Akeneo PIM exists in different flavours, depending on its version and edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, it is crucial for you to understand there are several types of PIMs at Akeneo, depending on its version and edition.
```

To know more about the different PIM versions, you can consult [this article](https://www.akeneo.com/blog/akeneo-introduces-a-simpler-product-release-cycle/) to understand our PIM release cycle.

> You can also consult our [release notes](https://www.akeneo.com/release-notes/) to understand the scope of each version.

Reviewer: ajouter page nono

> You can also consult our [release notes](https://www.akeneo.com/release-notes/) to understand the scope of each version.

Author: ```suggestion
You can also consult ["what's new ?" page](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/whats-new.html) or our [release notes](https://www.akeneo.com/release-notes/) to understand the scope of each version.
```

> To finish, you'll find on our [helpdesk platform](http://helpdesk.akeneo.com/) what are our last supported PIM versions. If you don't have access to our Helpdesk platform, please [contact us](https://www.akeneo.com/contact/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To finish, you'll find what our last supported PIM versions are on our [helpdesk platform](http://helpdesk.akeneo.com/). If you can't access it, please [contact us](https://www.akeneo.com/contact/).
```

Then, in order to understand our different editions and their capabilities, you can consult our [dedicated page](https://www.akeneo.com/compare-editions/) on our website.

> ## Features and data model

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this title and its unique subtitle below. There is only one subtitle which makes this title quite useless. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Or maybe it's "Acquire PIM knowledge" which is not at the right level and should also be a subtitle of this section?

### Play with our PIM!

It is crucial to understand the PIM features and data model in order to create a great eCommerce connector.

> The best way to become an expert in Akeneo PIM is to play with it!  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best way to become an expert at Akeneo PIM is to play with it!  
```

> You can access our [Akeneo PIM Community Edition demo platform](https://demo.akeneo.com) (login/password: admin / admin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, you can access our [Akeneo PIM Community Edition demo platform](https://demo.akeneo.com) (login/password: admin / admin).
```

Reviewer: Turn into TIP

:::warning
Please note that this Akeneo PIM CE demo instance is for exploratory purposes only and will only allow you to start getting familiar with Akeneo PIM. This instance is reset frequently and is therefore not intended to be used to build a connector.
:::

If you need an Akeneo PIM **Enterprise Edition** instance to start developing your connector, please [contact us](https://www.akeneo.com/contact/).

## Acquire PIM knowledge

> We advise you to take a look at our [Help center](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/index.html) where you'll find a lot of documentation about all our features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We advise you to take a look at our [Helpcenter](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/index.html) where you'll find a lot of documentation about all our features
```

Reviewer: check all 'help center' -> one word

If you feel that a comprehensive training program would allow you to know everything about Akeneo PIM, we got you covered as well with our [training sessions](https://www.akeneo.com/training/). Don't hesitate to register!

> In the context of developing an eCommerce connector, here is a selection of  PIM concepts you'll need to master before developing anything:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the context of building an eCommerce connector, here is a selection of  PIM concepts you'll need to master before developing anything:
```

::: info
* Akeneo PIM have different type of association (Cross-sell, up-sell, substitution, pack…) but a customer can also build “custom” association types.
* A product “association” can be at product level and/or at product model level.

> * New: on Akeneo PIM Serenity Edition, we now have quantity for association. Please consult this [dedicated documentation](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/updates/2020-07.html#new-association-type-with-quantities).

Reviewer: très bref
